Editing NEWS item for Find in File's move to extended grep (#10434)
rstudio/rstudio: NEWS.md

- Fixed plot export to PDF options (#9185)
- `.rs.formatDataColumnDispatch()` iterates through classes of `x` (#10073)
- Fixed Find in Files whole-word replace option, so that when "Whole word" is checked, only file matches containing the whole word are replaced, as displayed in the preview (#9813)

> - Adds support for POSIX extended regular expressions with backreferences in Find in Files find and replace modes, so that special regex characters such as `+` and `?`, `|`, `(`, etc do not need to be escaped, and other ERE escape sequences such as `\b`, `\w`, and `\d` are now supported (#9344). This is in line with the flavor of regular expressions supported by native R's `grep` function, except that Find in Files uses single backslashes rather than double backslashes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds support for POSIX extended regular expressions with backreferences in Find in Files find and replace modes, so that special regex characters such as `+` and `?`, `|`, `(`, etc do not need to be escaped, and other ERE escape sequences such as `\b`, `\w`, and `\d` are now supported (#9344). This matches the behavior of R's own `grep()` function, but note that backslashes do not need to be escaped (as they typically are in R strings).
```
